WWD:

M-> Looking through logs to analyze how Merge/FileControl Operate,  KickOff Meeting, CRM architecture planning and discussion, review of OWA capabilities (also findings), review with Kim of Existing PatNet system, consolidation of notes into document
anbattag
IO: 1503252
Microsoft Corporation
Attn: Expense Reports
One Microsoft Way
Redmond, WA 98052



source code for executables
parameters being supplied to executable when it's launched from toolbar
code in OCR document... are they standard, are they internal standar? documented somewhere?

one reviewer, rev for body, sen for abstract, qua for total document

office 2003 to 2010 key combinations
key combinations working in Office Web Apps??

Description: Description: MSFT_logo_Gray DE sized SIG1.png
2.1 Deployment Challenges
The following key deployment challenges were identified during the session:
 Hardware planning might slow down the start of this project, currently planned for January/Feburary of 2012
Experience with SharePoint as an organization is very limited and may take some time to get adoption rates among the organization
 Supporting multiple farms will require more customizations in maintaining the integrity of both farms
 The Organization has no SharePoint governance plan in place, this will make maintaining the organization of the farm much more difficult

2.3 High-Level Solution
The SharePoint 2013 implementation should maintain at the very least the same functional level that is being used today. The largest usage with the SharePoint 2007 implementation has been to replace old and out dated file shares. While this functionality is provided out of the box by SharePoint 2013, there is many more features with in SharePoint 2013 that could be used to add value and increase efficiency across the organization. Some of these features that we have discussed during the course of this engagement include My Sites and the User Profile service to improve the creation and maintenance or the Employee Directory. Forms and workflows were also discussed to be used to decrease the time it takes to fill out and process paper forms.

Based on the findings during this SDPS session, next steps would include:
 Determine naming scheme to be used for Web applications and Site Collections
 Create the new Production Farm for SharePoint 2013
 Configure the correct web applications
 Create the new Site Collections with Host headers
 Migrate documents and lists over from the 2007 farm manually

The customer had no customizations implemented in the current SharePoint 2007 environment and will not be implementing any customizations on their environment. As part of this SDPS time in the lab was spent going over new features in SharePoint 2013, using PowerShell to administer site creation, and working to get SSL certifications installed.


Document Management
The largest single usage currently is to replace a file share system.

side by side view and sync scrolling is automatically present in Word. Just present 2 documents and allow user to view each side by side. Features not present in OWA. OWA is a non-starter (in particular due to lack of access to ctrl commands present on the client version)


Questions:
	How wil CRM interact with SP13? 
	

built on vmx architechture by laura.

http://planningservices.partners.extranet.microsoft.com/en/sdps/Pages/SharePoint-2013.aspx

https://sposites.sharepoint.com/sites/bizdesk/sdmplus/SitePages/index.aspx

https://campus.partners.extranet.microsoft.com/Pages/Default.aspx

dynamics key
724KNKQH62J92M4PWQCQH2XWH

NVGJW9BF9K6CPKPKFWM8XWYR2

BlackHat Password
767yuKHwkj@uyta$87tDsAg&dyuatd!u6iUg

lias786XVkjh9@SUy!sa8

724KNKQH62J92M4PWQCQH2XWH

WORKGROUP VERSION
NVGJW9BF9K6CPKPKFWM8XWYR2

https://microsoft-my.sharepoint.com/personal/jomorale_microsoft_com/Documents/Uploads

Done:
   Extracting CRM integration points and .NET possible development modules
   Review of existing system documentation to better understand how system components interact
   Compiling of questions for Patent Office for clarification of workings and parameters for self contained executables (will determine whether we can replace or will have to wrap their components)
   Compiling of questions for previous system integrator (for delivery by customer) regarding documentation and functionality of Filecontrol and merge utility. If not, will have to reverse engineer these components.
   
   Draft versions of conceptual design document (and requirements)
   Began work provisioning virtual machines for the CRM environment based on 'best practices' specifications
   
   Initial draft of entity schema based on previous design documents, existing application, and SQL dB
   Review of existing reporting services reports
   Completed DPS Engagement Questionnaire 
   Word Automation Services?
   
   Patent idea
	A method to visualize application status upon launch by indicating memory, cpu, or other resource allocation

Notes:
		add file to process (up to QA stage)
		currently outputs are overwritten if duplicate patents
		2 patents with same id _can_ run through system
		get_next() starts stats tracking -> start of process
		stopped when they click route_on
		validation plugin - readonly output if possible (to avoid somehow saving the output)
		verify SQL2012 on Windows Server 2012
		  
PATNET:
	CMP file? last file gets approved, merged and put back in queue for QA to pick up.	sounds like this moves the merge from an "end process" to prior to QA   
   
 Done:
    Created CRM Development Virtual Machine
	Identified scope of FileControl application - reviewed source
	Identified and reviewed logic for Patent Complexity calculations
	Reviewed CodePlex NetOffice API as possible Word/Excel API to be used for document processing
			They are limited to a version, i.e. they only work with one or certain versions of Office  
		They cause problems while transferring or installation on other systems  
		They offer no protection mechanism in the management of COM proxies 

		NetOffice eliminates these disadvantages and remains a 1:1 wrapper that is syntactically and semantically identical to the interop assemblies.  

	Creation of Hyper-V Image for services which will support CRM 
	CRM-AD-T01
	CRM-DX-T01
	
	Created SysPrep Image..
	Traced source code to find e360 to fileControl hand-off of patent files
	SQL Server install and configuration
	CRM install and configuration
	Question for Matt/Abe: How will SharePoint 2013 interact with CRM (hardware requirements?)
	
	Question for Tim: How often do the complexity mappings change? 
